---
title: 5000 weeks:  2396 – 2426
created: 2024-03-17T13:16:20
modified: 2024-08-11T07:18:11
---

#weeks

￼ 

5000 weeks:  2396 – 2426 


2426 - 05.09 
• To principal foco es controlar las emociones 
• Tu hijo esta aprendiendo de tí. Que es lo que le quieres enseñar? 
• Tener más optimismo. 
• Pesar positivo. 
2415 - 02.21 
* Why is your heart racing? 
* You are in the 12 floor of the AWS building.  
	* You need to secure additional PoC of an AI software with banks in MX and AR. 
	* You just swam 1500m (with leg floater) in 25min. 
	* Your son is learning Portugues. 
	* You have a home in Mexico where you eldest relative lives. 
	* Your marriage could use a ton of work...but you know that. 
	* ho....you have 30K in checking 
* All of this was your Dream. 
* Follow the process and enjoy the dream. 
 
 
2409 - 01.10 
* Esta semana está um pouco mais estável. 
* Agora tenho dois eventos esportivos na minha agenda 
* Tenha um poco de paciência consigo mesmo 
* 01.11. Ya estoy empezando a agarrar vuelo. Ya empiezo a ver resultados y mis musculos mentales se ven listos. 
 
 
2408 - 01.03 
* Esta es la semana donde tengo que re-activar mi program de trabajo. Es cada día mas claro que tengo que separa gran parte de mi trabajo de mi hogar porque mi mente solo puede tener on foco a la vez. 
* es tiempo de re-activar el foco laboral. 
* estuvieron muy buenas la vacaciones no oficiales. 
* Tanto ha occurrido en esta semana: he regresado a la oficina, y hay mucho trabajo. 
* Noten que no pass una semana laboral despues del fin de a~no y yo ya estoy listo. 
* En terminus de Max. El plan es despertarlo todos los dias de su siesta 
* Estes son minutos donde me toca relajarme 
 
 
2405 
* Vou modar para espanhol. 
* Yesterday was my last week in the office. I am having some nervournes about this transition. 
* La cita de Quinones es para la próxima semana. 
* Tienes miedo por que estas ahora fuera de tu contexto que te dío éxito. 
* ative o ruído do escritório y precisas trabalhar. 
* my goal for today. my "One thing" is to start setting up my accounts in that spreadsheet reflecting a closing strategy. 
*  
 
 
2404 
* Tercera Féria: Esta semana e importante porque commencei a organizar mi banco de datos 
* Eu estou mais calmo 
* Começo a trabalhar mais na minha casa. 
* Me incomoda menos que Max cante durante meu horário de trabalho. 
* Tudo bem se eu acabar saindo do escritório antes do prazo. 
* Minha menor cmissão paga a margem de erro. 
* Meu plano para hoje: adicionar 3 contas e atualizar 10 contas. 
*  
 
 
2403 
Esta semana é importante porque comencei a conversa com minha esposa. 
Eu tenho que aprender a relaxar. 
Eu tenho que pensar com uma perspectiva de longo prazo. 
Rebeca deve continuar com os que ela conhece 
Eu tenho que escrever uma visão para 2023 
 
 
2402 
segundo dia da semana. Eu estou um poco enfermo. Estou organizando Notion. 
eu lembro lo importante que es tener • poder de permanência • e estructura • remédios para colesterol e meditação. 
Eu continuo escrevendo em portugues 
Eu continuo escrevendo em português. 
Continuei organizando minhas anotações 
Continuei organizando minhas anotações 
E conectado com a equipe executiva da Telefónica. 
 
 
2401 
* I am now 46. I have new shoes. I have new socks. I have entered the gym 2 times this week. I am moving my emphasis to health. I need to rest more. 
* Regarding life, I need to continue shifting to better health. 
* I am also drinking much more water. I need to have a system to also drink water at home. 
* Well, be happy for the progress you have made so far. 
* 1/2 of your stuff is on full green. Now we need to get the other 1/2 from yellow to green. 
* Embrace lead development. 
* Esta seaman todo va muy bien organizado. 
* We have stablished a strategy. We are creating a list of what not todo. 
* In many way it makes sense to delete accounts that not aligned. 
* Today you also need to go home early and go for a walk. 
* You need to give you full attention to the accounts that will close Q4 for 2 hours. In the process you will develop a strategy to better manage each account. 
* You need to secure another job just in case. 
* Yesterday I was looking at the job applications that I submitte in paralled to this job. it has been amazing that I got this job and I need to appreciate it. It is not easy, but it was not supposed to be easy. 
* Today you have a demo. 
* Today, Thursday. we were able to connec with two companies. If this were to happen every week it would have a dramatic impact. 
* This the final day for this week. 
* Este foi o último dia da semana. Esta semana foi um susseso. 
* O mia mente está cambiando a espanhol. 
* Eu tenho que ser mais paciente. 
* Eu não fico feliz 
* Eu não sou novinho 
* Comecei a planejar uma viagem ao brasil 
* Comecei a planejar uma viagem ao brasil 
 
 
2400 
I am in week 2400. 
I am eating a dona and I write this, but this is the week when I start to take care of my health. Let’s plan on me staying at LifeTime until mid January. 
* I am grateful for this job at IBM. 
* I am grateful for the future that this job can create for me and for my extended family 
* What am in going to do my my 600 weeks left. That is if I have that much. How am I going to make them great before the bubble ends. 
* How am I going to change the 
* A massive change happened for me to secure this position. (In parallel I need to create windows to similar opportunities) 
* I am grateful for the love of my son. 
* I am not grateful for the love of my wife, but maybe I should be. 
* Regarding the workout times, I should work out before starting to work. From 5am to 6 or 615. That means that I have to start driving at 4:30 with is pretty easy 
* I am grateful tha the week when I start these new phase is a round number. 
* What are the outcomes that you want to 10 weeks from now?  
	* I just want to have more energy and a better attitude 
* Is this the time to get Pets? 
* It is about 830 Monday. This is me taking some time to calm down. There are too many account that seem to need attention. This would be a good time to take a step back and decide where my attention will be placed. 
* You need to remember that you have cadences that 
* You need to add the updates and st 
* This is not about a new strategy. It is about having only one element in your mind long enough to make progress and then move one. 
* I like this iPad. It like the “limitations” built in. 
* In this week I am developing the habit of writing in his journal every morning. 
* It was interesting that I got a message back from one of the original places where I was looking to work. 
* You need to be careful about being proud. 
* In two days it will be my bday. I just want to be left alone. 
* I just want to be able to do idle work. 
* Today you need to focus on your presentation. Tomorrow you will be the one presenting for sure all 5 parts. It Bette be good enough to. 
* As part of risk management, start with the current secction and then work on the second secction. 
* Consider making Katlin the co-host of the events. 
* For today, all email must go today. Start with the one that have the highest number and then work your way back. Does this mean that you need a new email. 
* That video inglish should be a good starting point. 
* Today is very stressful because I am getting requests from multiple directions. 
* You need to remember that that I part of the process is to ignore these requests. 
* Get back there and follow up on a couple items. 
* Make sure you stay away from trouble with Gerry 
* Implement your outreach strategy. Not much else you can do. 
* In parallel, continue to make inroads in Telecom and Banking 
* You need to start creating good narratives that will allow you export his skills to other companies. 
* You are doing everything that is feasible in the given time and resources. 
* Maybe you can have that office in parallel. 
* Use the Xmas break to continue gathering data. 
* What needs to be be understood is that beyond the 20 of December there will be not much deals coming in. 
* There is no space for more. 
* The next step is to simplify the process. 
* At the same time you need to practice to be ready for the next meeting with Gerry. 
* I am using this to relax to be a bit more Zoom out 
* This is a good way to relax that does not involve alcohol. 
* By doing this you keep you level of stress low enught. 
* All is going great! 
* I just saw my latest AMEX bill. It is a scary. Or it is troubling. 
* I don’t want that bill to get to 30K. 
* One way to keep that bill from getting to 30K is by start making payments on it. 
* How do we do that?: I need to now figure out when I am getting paid for WOM. 
* Just live with the fact that it will get to 30K, but in parallel figure out to start pairing down expenses. 
* You now need to operate under the idea that there are enough PoCs for the rest of the year. 
* You need to continue building the infrastructure for Q2 
* This has been a long week. And it is not over. 
* It will be very impactful that week 2400 is also when I turn 46 
* It will be no time for me to turn 50. 
* You need to stay in this job but continue creating mechanism to make is take less and less time. 
* You now have another PoC listed under your name. You are at something like 5. 
* You could end up with more. 
* You need to shift focus on exercise 
* You will be taken over the stone in 85 days. 
* But at that point you need to be in great mood in great shape to be able to say. Or to not care and continue working. There is a part of you that sees small injustices. Injustices are always around. You just need to be grateful that your number are being met and and work to refine that art of getting leads on your own and thus develop a skill that other companies will find very valuable. You should do a pilot test to see how productive your niece is at home. 
* Get in shape: in 220 weeks you will be 50 years old. 
* Get trainned. Create material. Connect with the people that can help you 
* You need to take this weekend to 
* ACTUALLY. Let’s do it now. 
* 4 years ago. Before you knew that you could be at IBM. What would you imagine possible. From the outside, what should be your next step. 
* What else can you learn. What can you do to ensure that Google and Amazon will offer you a 200K bonus. 
* For starters. You work for IBM. 
* Turbonomic does not have cloud. A KPI is to have a job interview with google in January. 
* You need a 3rd party to figure out what is the next step. 
* Focus on the working out part. D 
* Now we need to focus getting that interview ready. The resume needs to be ready we can even work on the content of the resume here in this platform. 
* Maybe part of your strategy today is to have Rebeca start helping you reach out people who used to be in Turbonomic and IBM and start building a network. 
* Send her payment at 6am. 
* Continue to extract 
* Figure out where the other people are going and follow them. 
* It is ok for them to extract, but they need to have the conversation you 
* Buy sales loft and start to play with the system. 
* Today we add the existing client to sales loft and to the my system. 
* Today is Saturday. I am working on resting. It is not an easy task. I keep working on items. I am using good wine to relax. It is half working. I did some good work yesterday. 
* Eventually Paola will run out of companies in Brazil. 
* That should start happening sometime in the summer. 
* We just need to keep on trucking out I’ll then. 
* This has been a good and complicated week. 
* Alberto trabaja con Carlos en infrsestrcuture. Alberto is goin got help. 
* Alberto director of stability fo the system. 
* Reposnbiels del are of monitoring 
* It. Sevierce managemente. 
2399 
Las week, with the help of my niece I was able to start structuring a lead generation structure. That will help me cover my one area of weakness that could be called out at the beginning of February. 
2398 
* Cerro WOM chile 
*  
2396 
* Estoy llegando a la idea de que el tiempo que me queda es demasiado valiosa 
* Tengo que simplemente organizarme. mentira 
* tu ya estas muy optimizado 
* No tiene caso pensar en las 20 cosas que tengo que hacer. 
* Solo puede llevar a cabo una! 
* Hay que utilizar la pagina para mantener control. 
*  
* dfdfd 
* dfdf 
*  
16689 
* Continue despertando a la 
S 16 
N 
M 
123456 7 
123 4 l23l 
W l i have to do It 10 
Ss