---
title: > 550 - 500
created: 2024-03-17T15:07:06
modified: 2024-03-17T15:07:12
---

Note written on OneNote domingo 2022
It is from a 2020 decenas.
It is from the concept of the 4000 weeks.
This is from the days when I worked at Aspen Tech and when Max was born
The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking Kindle Edition
by [Oliver Burkeman](https://www.amazon.com/Oliver-Burkeman/e/B004DJDK1U/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
Aspentech
## **> 502**
Swim: 835yrds in 23.24
Run: 11:18
Reach:
Touch:
Love:
Quotients:
starting a new week is almost like starting a new year.
What will 502 be about is the question that is my head.
There are a few ideas that I will be trying out this week.
from the idea of placebo, I think I can use that guy with the big ears as the temp framework to start the process described int he book. or one the process.
I also need to not be afraid to look at the data know know that this territory for my solutions it is no a good fit. never mind he people that I have to work with.
This is the week when:
• You send 2 cover letters for non sales roles
• You book your return to sacramento
• You complete your KubeTraining. •
• Your weight drops below 144 •
• You return 400 usd in items •
• You connect with 10 Latinos at IBM.
• You visit your mother
• You do not watch the news on youtube •
• Set a 1K swimming benchmark
• first video draft
Esther told me about how my needs are a perception.
This will be an interesting week. This is day 2.
Es hora de timonear en dirección del trabajo.
## **> 503**
Swim:
Run: 1.04 @ 9.55
Reach: Oliver, Monica, Pepe, Tia Rosa
Touch: Raja Kishore (Thota), Aayush Kumar
Love:

Quotients:

Not drinking is one of the “freedoms” that force you hold back. I don’t want to hold back anymore.
30A5V **MQ Advanced**
30A15 **WebSphere Application Server**
30AA9 **WebSphere Automation**
30AY5 **Turbonomic - ARM**
You need to refocus on your pesonal proyect.
d
There is not enough future…. The present will have to do
….I will have to do
….we will have to do
Gino Yu - What is Consciousness? From YouTube
The wonder of life is in the details here.
NVIDIA’s Valuation and AI’s Negative Sum Game
Read to understand the market?
[Musings on Markets (aswathdamodaran.blogspot.com)](https://aswathdamodaran.blogspot.com/)
Last Lecture Series: “How to Live an Asymmetric Life,” Graham Weaver
* Do something hard
* Do your thing
* Do it for decades
How To BRAINWASH Yourself For Success  | Dr. Joe Dispenza
* Does your environment create your thinking or does your thinking create your environment
* If we are are not intentional in our emontions, then we are always living in the past.
How the Way You Respond to Anxiety Changes Your Life - Søren Kierkegaard on Angst
Without any possibility there would be on anxiety
And without any anxiety, there wouldn't be any possibility
* anxiety is the heightened emotional response to a percieved threat or challenge
* it is the feeling of freedom and responsibility that one has within this uncertainty
* Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom
* the make the most of this anxiety, one must subjective passions
* the crucial thing is to find a truth which is truth for me, to find the idea for which I am willing to live and die
* anxiety is the price of the ticket to life: intrapsychic depression is the by-product of the refusal to climb aboard
* Homo anxietatem vs Homo emocionatem
Maybe Share with Esther sometime.
The Absurd Mindset That Changes Everything
Also put the "The wonder of life is in the details here. "
Dominium requires resources. Have dominium over your career.
2023.09.19
* mi primo me platico del terreno que compro en Yucatan
I am doing a pretty good job visiting one person per week.
It is very tempting to put KPI next to the week.
The idea of not going to YouTube is a good idea.
If I eliminate YouTube then I will have almost no social media. Ona de las enfermedades de nuestra generación.
David Foster Wallace - The Dangers Of Internet & Media Addiction
How To Waste Your Life & Never Be Happy (A Short Story)
Working for Material Things as Rewards Naval Ravikant - The 4 BIGGEST TRAPS in Life that You NEED to GET OUT [w/ Charlie Munger]
The biggest addiction is a PayCheck!!!!
The three most harmful addictions are heroin, carbohydrates and monthly salary
* People who live far below their means enjoy a freedom that people busy upgrading their lifestyles can't fathom – Naval Ravikant
* Run away from the Victim Mentality
* Retirement is when you stop sacrificing today for some imaginary tomorrow, when today is complete in and of itself
"If" by Rudyard Kipling
How to calculate the quotien?
* Start by calculating the bottom
* How much does it take to live. Map out two quotiens
Consultant
[Resume](https://quip.com/A4ioAcz5GOTh#temp:C:JKZ4368dce91ec648f0bf4146dec)
Strategy: Further deepen you technical understanding and continue to build habit that make a consulting job inevitable.
you need to create a list of all the companies that care about Turbonomic.
you also need further develop FinOps competencies
you need to use ISC in a masterful way
you need to touch base with all old contacts.
504 ****
2023.09.12
This is the start of a new week
not bad so far.
BSC scheduled and
meeings set with 2 tias
2023.09.13
BSC has been achieved
Roche is Tracking
Bio-Rad
* El proceso de iteración en terminos de que plataforma utilizar continua
* No te sorprenda si termina de nuevo en OneNote.
* Esta habilidad para tener tu mente fraccionalmente abierta te ayuda mucho
* Imaginate si en lugar de una fracción fuera una porcentaje mas alto
It is time to move to Apptio or a technical roll that involves FinOps or AIOps.
Viernes son días inter
Como principio me gustaria utilizarlo para completar tareas.
Pero por otro lado lo puedo utilizar para avanzar dos opportunidades.
Hablando con Silvia
La modulación fue muy extrema para el carlos de hoy
Darle rienda suelta a lo inato de uno
Continuas hablando de Modular y no de potenciar, liberar.....
This week is going great.
Creo que con esto de manter record de por semana con cuenta regresive, le he dado al clavo.
[Enero](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKA620aac534c0f45d487354a2a8) • [Febrero](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKAc0f1161aa01f4c9a857a5a151) • [Marzo](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKA2e4e9971c0b444a2aebe508e6) • [Mayo](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKA98b8bf12cfd244ffad247f51c) • [Abril](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKAf3090bcc61e444d4b284047ce) • [Junio](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKAdbf0a986e75b46dda412108fa)
[Julio](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKA213a2f324a81423e9dbada4e8) •
[509](https://quip.com/kUuaAyxaNG2Q#temp:C:BKA8f1ac0ae1c644d7d8a3b92afe)
505 ****
2023.09.05
This is the start of a new week.
I had my meeting with my psychiatrist
I don't have depression
I have a system.
I have about 500 weeks left.
How do you want to use them?
don't develop goals.
double focus on processos. > increase executive function.
Selling is not the goal. Following a process in a systematic way is the goal.
There will be no failure.
You don't need to be afraid of failing.
2023.09.06
It is interesting what happened during now 4-5 weeks.
it makes you appreciate what you have when you don't have it.
OK. let get to the solution.
You no longer have sales goals.
You only have process goals.
Self management goals.
You are going to use your system to track the utilization of time.
There is the idea of potentially tracking those numbers back to this document.
I had a interesting experience today. At about 9:30 I found my way to the food shops in the tunnels that connect the downtown buildinds. In these secction of downtown....probably all of houston downtwon there are many financial and energy companies.
It is interesting how these. notice I call them these. people are wired. They were very young. I am sure they where as inteligent as me. and they had this Bro colture. Even the women molded themselve to fit this colture.
It is interesteing that there is a culture as part of on-site corportate world.
This colture is not me. I try to fake that I am part of that. colutre.
my toguth is that that that is a colture where you need to find yourself to fit to be able to get income
but I have found a way to not be on that colture and gain a form of indpenece.
But I need drive, space and time. and mental space.
Esther is not willing to be on that colture. That is OK. but one of us needs to be on that culture.
If she is not going to do it, then she needs to stay out of the way.
2023.09.08
Friday
The only gods out there is the odds
I am definately organize now at a higer level
d
d
d
2023.09.09 sat
STRATEGY:
* [https://onedrive.live.com/edit.aspx?resid=6B57ACEA81319057!8165&nd=1](https://onedrive.live.com/edit.aspx?resid=6B57ACEA81319057%218165&nd=1)You are Brand Sales Specialist, but we can ommitt the "sales" part
* You need to expedite you want to get all the listed certifications.
2023.09.11 mon
RELAXED LUCIDNESS:
* Be lucid, not exited.
* Coffe is a weekend luxury.
* Alternate between swim and Yoga
* Compra Bascula
Agosto
506 ****
new concept:
Clear Hot.
In war if you are not cheating your are not traying.
This is like fighting a fucking racoon.
This is not Siria. It is fucking Texas.... does that make a difference?
Are we in the business of fair fights now?
you need to remember what we are figthing for?
remember who you are.....not who want other and your self to believe that you are.
you were raised by female wolfs. stop apologizing for that.
Fuck the meet. let them die
You'll never get back to them if you keep thinking about them?
2023.08.29
Voy a regresar a la Casa en 6 semanas y semanas a mas tardar.
pero ya veo como durante ese tiempo voy a poder concentrarme en mi trabajo.
ya se que la misma intensisdad que mostre con el proyecto Aguas por los ultimas 2 semanas. las voy a demostrar con el proyecto IBM durante las próximas 6 semanas.
Happy new week. :)
* second day of the week.
* some moemteum is starting to happen.
* get rid of adobe ilustrator. you don't needeed it anymore
The vision:
* I just had this vision of having some form of plastic, surginal plastic coming out or taped to my chest.
* something happen and just having that represented good luck.
* I was in the bathroom. of a hospital....lucky to be alive.
507 ****
2023.08.22
This is going
I am in Mexico.
The design is done.
hoy lunes es el ultimo día de esta semana en México.
Realment es cinvreible como a evolucionado el diseño de la casa
you don't need to have syste
Note written on OneNote domingo 2022
It is from a 2020 decenas.
It is from the concept of the 4000 weeks.
This is from the days when I worked at Aspen Tech and when Max was born
The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking Kindle Edition
by [Oliver Burkeman](https://www.amazon.com/Oliver-Burkeman/e/B004DJDK1U/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
Aspentech