---
title: Dream march 18 2024
created: 2024-03-18T02:20:00
modified: 2024-03-18T14:35:54
---

Dream march 18 2024

This is just a test to understand how will the notes works when it’s windy it appears that whenever the screen gets turned off it stops from transcribe, but going back to that dream. I don’t know if I need to quit going back to that dream high. I’m glad that I have so much work and that it is the type of work that is challenging right now I do not know how to solve the charge, but I would learn to say learn and become more employment or do you have more value and less replaceable asset to the organization?

Very interesting dreamt that I should study and remember to better understand my blessing and be grateful every day 
The dream took place on march 18 2024

My sense of clear direction is a blessing is something that I should be proud of. It is something dick should I be taken for granted every day and it should be loved and it is beautiful. At least a few extra tones a few extra notations on the trim it’s about the landscape and the colors. I don’t have to forget that she does make the dream, very vivid and special, there’s definitely heels there’s definitely people who look after me so that is excepted the happy part but there’s definitely income challenges because I was that TV get me excited and tuition a partition. Also got me excited and there’s this part of a discovery. This is yearning for this company that this person has, the dream team stupid is happening a lot of it happens at the blood by night maybe I also miss going to to a university and there’s a part of me that is hurting to also re-discover our explore anything

———-/—-



Mystery in this dream that is really a bit of a nightmare. I am in my 40s actually hitting 50 I have been I have decided I had to get the potato relocate to place. It is like a college town. Where is Muskoka? What is the Cleveland Tar Heels I am working on my. What can be my student hasn’t been working on being a student or I’m just there just like looks like I have a somehow I have a Opportunity or being a lost someone again they looking after me they give me a picture it to work it up in a booth or an app like in the booth in Place for people look at yeah like a phone but not like a phone like a toll booth or like information [] Buserdi• asked me to send information boost where I put information booth where I will make. That would give me a big to be at a big discount on tuition or tuition provide discounts wish When she said it or would I guess I take the job at this is celebration so go on there tomorrow or a long walk with people and day they take me to yeah this is walking her this one reminds me of Shaker Heights OK right second lights in Cleveland There a a walk around it’s clear that it was something that looks like it and then they go to what is the legal what is a scene? Where did we go home and I’m tired makes you quite tired and there I am able to think like what I do like I want this that seems like a good opportunity, but it involves being away from my family and, not only that but it’s also put back into it having to learn something new for teachers and I do not know if this is the path that I want to take that already build something in cells but barely in the stream what’s the paying the bills is that doing great so in this trip also I decided I need to talk to one of my friends who did become a lawyer who literally did it or later didn’t like it did you see the changes because it’s night and I’m sitting looking at like a concert like a special show. I don’t think I work at the booth yet. I’m not working at the information booth yet initial, I said in the sidewalk but someone it’s invading my space, it’s OK with cobra boats he is why I love privilege can I play dumb he does he is in bathing suit I don’t like the feeling in the stream is feeling feels very familiar Psalm yeah I don’t like it then then then I was kind of that the date of the dream that more or less having to change this feeling of discomfort sadness that I still don’t have a clear path And this process I don’t know what to do because they sort of the question of where to live what city permit question is what I should be still likes experimenting with when all I have to do is because this is keeping me away from my family away from Mex and I obviously want to do this. What is the law for liver away in star law school because I want to help Max But what happens when there’s been so much time away from from Max OK no reflection this is I think a nightmare, but it’s important to know that this nightmare was very similar to reality that long ago. It is part of my trauma play Spotify I used to feel. I think I need to recognize that I do not feel this way anymore and I am lucky I thought fuck this but I’m all social but there’s also a factor recording. Good luck, this is no longer my reality. What is this still the reality of people that are around me people like •• Joaquin who have to drive to another city for four hours people like Oliver are still trying to get coach into selling B no see to see products in a business that is that scalable, a lot of people, but especially in the situation in which I was in which I never was since Mex was born but I to take that for granted the factors are still a reality like not owning a house, but the main factor of direction is absolutely no longer there at the absence of direction is absolutely no longer in real life There is clarity and there is one way to go